Add Proxy Tarantool client example with multiple routers (#351)
tarantool/cartridge-java: docs/MultiInstanceConnecting.md

[Main page](../README.md)

# Connecting to multiple instances

This section shows examples how to connect to multiple crud routers.  
  
Example of TarantoolClient set up with connecting to multiple routers  
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/46aa956388099c06813e5b5cca5433c2df6bc1b1/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ReconnectIT.java#L291-L300
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/46aa956388099c06813e5b5cca5433c2df6bc1b1/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ReconnectIT.java#L314-L320

> You don't have to set the routers addresses yourself address provider can do it for you  

Reviewer: We have an example of writing user's own address provider, but not a complete solution. So I'd rather reformulate this sentence to something more accurate.

  
Example of TarantoolClient set up with address provider  

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/c4ff2cad113c0b1594e5133e4239c5213055dd95/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ProxyTarantoolClientWithAddressProviderExampleIT.java#L76-L83

Reviewer: Again, having code fragments will churn the readers less than pushing them to read some code not related to their tasks. We may leave the links for those who want additional details.

Reviewer: I see that GitHub is now converting such links to code previews. That's much better than I expected, so you may ignore my comment if the result will look like an embedded code fragment.

[Main page](../README.md)

# Connecting to multiple Tarantool instances

This section shows examples of how to connect to multiple [Cartridge](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge) routers.  
We recommend to use balancer in production applications rather than leaving this task to the connector.

## Setting addresses manually  
  
Example of TarantoolClient set up with connecting to multiple routers  
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/b2d504cf26d431d2a80fa21b5d475d8f89a5181f/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ReconnectIT.java#L291-L301
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/b2d504cf26d431d2a80fa21b5d475d8f89a5181f/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ReconnectIT.java#L315-L321

## Setting addresses with address provider
  

> Example of TarantoolClient set up with address provider  

Reviewer: I'd rather add a note like `you may use the provided code as a reference for your own implementation`.

Author: Added

https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/c4ff2cad113c0b1594e5133e4239c5213055dd95/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ProxyTarantoolClientWithAddressProviderExampleIT.java#L76-L83
Example of TarantoolClusterAddressProvider setup  
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/c4ff2cad113c0b1594e5133e4239c5213055dd95/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ProxyTarantoolClientWithAddressProviderExampleIT.java#L44-L71
Do not forget to set tarantool function witch will return addresses  
The function must be global, so that it can be called from the connector

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/484190b9642a87213c1cc5ab66511949396a3899/src/test/resources/cartridge/app/roles/custom.lua#L3-L30

Reviewer 2: And don't forget to change commit hash here

https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/366da6d1c19e6b626a16b2a55f93d1ac48339681/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ReconnectIT.java#L291-L301
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/46aa956388099c06813e5b5cca5433c2df6bc1b1/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ReconnectIT.java#L314-L320

## Setting addresses with address provider
  
Example of TarantoolClient set up with address provider  
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/c4ff2cad113c0b1594e5133e4239c5213055dd95/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ProxyTarantoolClientWithAddressProviderExampleIT.java#L76-L83
Example of TarantoolClusterAddressProvider setup  
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/c4ff2cad113c0b1594e5133e4239c5213055dd95/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ProxyTarantoolClientWithAddressProviderExampleIT.java#L44-L71
Do not forget to set tarantool function witch will return addresses  
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/484190b9642a87213c1cc5ab66511949396a3899/src/test/resources/cartridge/app/roles/custom.lua#L3-L30
And add it to `_G` table to be able to call it from connector

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/484190b9642a87213c1cc5ab66511949396a3899/src/test/resources/cartridge/app/roles/custom.lua#L51

Reviewer 2: You can just use here `function get_routers()` without `local` and then you don't need to show `rawset`. It would be easily to undestand

Author: Yes it is match better

[Main page](../README.md)

> # Connecting to multiple instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connecting to multiple Tarantool instances
```

> This section shows examples how to connect to multiple crud routers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows examples of how to connect to multiple [Cartridge](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge) routers.  
```

  
Example of TarantoolClient set up with connecting to multiple routers  

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/46aa956388099c06813e5b5cca5433c2df6bc1b1/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/ReconnectIT.java#L291-L300

Reviewer: I suggest wrapping these links into named ones. And as a user, I want to see an extract of the key code lines here because following a long sequence of links each time distracts me from the initial goal.

Reviewer: I see that GitHub is now converting such links to code previews. That's much better than I expected, so you may ignore my comment if the result will look like an embedded code fragment.
